## Running the application
I chose to use Maven and Spring Boot to help me build the requirements.
To run, execute the following in a terminal
````shell
mvn install
java -jar target/demo-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar
````

## Approach
As requested, you can follow along the commit trail to see my approach to the task.
I started with an empty demo application generated by using Spring Initializr. 

Then I added code to retrieve watches and sum their prices (without handling discounts)
I used a map to represent my data storage of watches. 
This is done for simplicity, I could for example have used an in-memory database instead.

Then I added some more unit tests for the repository layer.

Once that was in place, I started tinkering with the discount functionality.
I wanted to keep the watch and discount functionality separate from each other, as the concepts are different.   
I ended up with a Strategy Pattern to abstract away the inner details of a discount and make it easy to add new ones later.

Note: I purposely kept a WIP commit in the history to show how I approach "trickier" functionality.
I will add WIPs when I produce something workable / interesting and then refactor until I'm happy with it.
Usually the WIPs will be rebased away, but I kept it, so you have better timestamps and visibility on my approach. 

## Improvements
Using Integer for the price can lead to rounding issues. Using BigDecimal with a well-defined scale would be better.
Including more tests, would also be nice. For example adding API tests, and handling bad request data. 
